# DYAVA Organization Web Application
#### Video Demo: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i6qL3NqFjs4
#### Description: A platform for young artists to showcase, sell or promote their artworks.

DYAVA, an acronym for Dimiao Young Aspiring Visual Artists, is an art organization here in Dimiao, Bohol, Philippines which aims to to be an avenue for fostering critical and creative ideas, artistic expressions, encouragement to the young aspiring artists, artistic growth and participative community engagement.

The DYAVA web application provides a platform for the organization to be able to be seen, heard and recognized in Dimiao, in Bohol and hopefully in the Philippines. It allows artists to sign up, sign in, create or update their profile, upload and sell artworks as well as provide a portfolio where visitors can view each member's artworks, and also provide information about the organization and the latest events that the organization partakes in.

For this application, I mainly used HTML, CSS, Bootstrap and Javascript for the Front-end, Flask for the backend and SQLAlchemy for the database. Although I initially thought about using Django for the back-end, I realized that it would be much better to use Flask. I already know Flask and since this application doesn't have a lot of complex functionality, Flask is more ideal to be used. And for the database, I initially used the CS50 library. However, I realized that it lacks some functions that I needed. So I opted for the Flask-SQLAlchemy which is quite capable in terms of handling complex queries. Since the lectures covered only some of these languages and frameworks, it took me a while to fully grasp these new functions. The web application is also quite responsive to all screen sizes. I could say it took me longer to implement this project but the final result is amazing.

So when visting the website you will be greeted with the landing page or the homepage which contains the logo, some graphics, slides of photos and photos of art exhibits we had int the past. When navigate to the About Section, you'll be able to know more about DYAVA including its mission and vision statements, values, etc. Then you will be able to view the gallery of artworks which the artists have uploaded. For the shop page, you can see the artworks that are currently for sale. You can also view the artists profile and also view their artworks. It also has a contact page where visitors can send an email to the DYAVA admin. The web application is very dynamic. It also has an option for users to sign up. However as of the moment, we only allow DYAVA artists to create an account. I implemented the signup page to have a registration code field which the DYAVA admin will provide to the members so they can create an account online. After the successful signup, you will be redirected to the sign in page where you can sign in. If the sign in is successful, you'll be redirected to the homepage. Once signed in, the websites user interface changes. It now has an option to view your profile, edit your profile, upload profile picture, upload artworks, etc. It also has an option to sell artworks and connect with potential customers or buyers.

Making this project has been quite a journey and I'm so happy with what I have learned along the way.
